Are you sure you can afford this dress?
I can't afford it.
Can you afford it?
Buckwheat depends on me to advocate
Go into debt with your dad
You are just enough for him
I'll take this one.
Wrap it up for me
He couldn't afford to wrap it up for me.
Why don't you two discuss it again?
What to discuss?
Do you know who I am?
I told you
He can't afford the skirt at all.
What are you hesitating about?
This lady
Why don't you take a look at other styles?
You are like ginger down
I also think I can't afford down, but I'm a big star
How could I slander you for no reason?
If you can't afford it, don't try it.
Take it off now
Then you can pay for the down now.
It's not too late for me to return
It's just a skirt.
You thought I couldn't afford it
Give me 10
Sorry, Miss Jiang.
insufficient balance
How is that possible?
Didn't you say buy 10?
Buy it.